Difference between document and window objects:

In the web development, two of the most commonly used objects are the document and window objects. While they are often 
mentioned together, they serve different purposes and functionalities within the browser environment. 

Window Object:

The window object represents the browser window or tab in which your web application is running. It serves as the global context 
for JavaScript, meaning all global variables and functions are properties of the window object. Here are some key characteristics 
and functionalities of the window object:

1. Global Scope:

All global variables and functions are accessible as properties of the window object. For example, if you define a variable like this:

var data = "Hello!";

We can access it through window object:

console.log(window.data);

2. Browser Control:

The window object provides methods to control the browser window, such as opening new tabs, alerting messages, and navigating to 
different URLs. For instance:

window.alert("This is an alert!");
window.open("https://www.example.com");

 3. Properties and Methods:

The window object includes various properties and methods for interacting with the browser environment, such as:

window.location: Contains information about the current URL.
window.setTimeout(): Executes a function after a specified delay.
window.innerWidth and window.innerHeight: Provide the dimensions of the viewport.

Document Object:

The document object represents the HTML document that is currently loaded in the browser. It is part of the Document Object Model 
(DOM) and allows developers to manipulate the structure and content of the webpage. Here are some important aspects of the document 
object:

1. Accessing and Manipulating HTML Elements
2. Creating and Removing Elements
3. Event Handling

Conclusion
Understanding the differences between the document and window objects is essential for effective web development. While the window 
object provides control over the browser environment, the document object allows you to interact with and manipulate the content of 
the web page itself.

